The typical workflow is:
1. Start Docker Desktop on Windows (it runs in the system tray)
2. Open a WSL terminal. Click on it to make it the active window.
3. Enter command below to start FANT

docker compose up

4. In Windows open a browser and enter

localhost:3000

to go to the main page of FANT.

5. Login as a user. The only original user is 

username: admin              password: Admin@123!

Passwords must be at least 8 characters and include a lowercase character, an uppercase character,
a digit, and a special symbol.

5. You can let FANT run indefinitely, but when you restart the computer you must do the above steps.  





Additional Notes
1. Docker Desktop on Windows is what provides the Docker engine that WSL uses under the hood. If Docker Desktop isn't running, the `docker` command in WSL won't work.

2. Docker handles everything (backend, frontend, MongoDB). The frontend `.env` isn't needed since the compose file sets the env var directly. Since you already have `backend/.env`, you just need to run 

docker compose up

3. The 

docker compose up 

command causes all three containers to come up.

4. The first time running the application after writing it and after code changes you need to use

docker compose up --build

That is, you need to add the --build flag.

5. If you want to run FANT in the background in the terminal use the following command to start it

docker compose up -d

6. If you want to stop FANT for some reason, the easiest way is from the Docker Desktop.
- Click on the Docker Desktop icon (a whale) in the system tray.
- In the resulting window in the left pane click the Containers list item.
- The fant container will be shown as running. 
- On the right side click the blue square under Actions to stop FANT. 
- The blue square icon turns into a blue arrow. 
- Click the blue arrow to restart FANT.

7. You can stop the application within the WSL terminal by doing 

Enter 

Ctrl+C

which stops the application but leaves the containers intact.
If you want to remove the containers after stopping them, then follow by entering 

docker compose down

8. The initial installation of the entire system is done by.
a) Installing WSL on the Windows 11 machine by
    1. Open PowerShell or Command Prompt as Administrator (right-click-> "Run as administrator")
    2. Run the single command

wsl --install

    3. Restart the computer when prompted
    4. After restart, a terminal window should open to automatically finish the setup. It will ask you to create a username and password for the Linux distribution (the default distribution is Ubuntu)

b) Install Docker Desktop in the Windows environment
    1. In Windows open a browser and google "Installing Docker Desktop". You will reach a Downloads page to download the version you want. 
    2. Once the .exe file is downloaded, double click on it in File Explorer to start the installation. Choose the all-users installation and click the box saying "Use WSL 2 instead of Hyper-V"
    3. You will need to enter you Windows admin username and password which are your normal WCU credentials.
    4. Restart Windows when prompted.
    5. The Docker Desktop shortcut appears on the Windows desktop. Double click it to start docker. Go to Settings (gear icon on top right) --> Resources --> WSL Integration. Toggle on "Enable integration with my default WSL distro". Click Apply & Restart. Back in your WSL terminal, close and reopen it (or run `exec bash`) and try the command `docker --version`.





